Kanji Flashcard Ideas

I'd like a link on kanji study pages that will take me to more info abt it.

Training Wheels: I'd like an option to enable a peek at the kanji, overlaid on the pad

TMI: replace on, kun with an onClick link 
  (maybe call it "show Readings" and put it next to grade level;
   can also put "reading" next to G L)
  

Language independent? can we make it so English is unneeded? Can we find images for the 2000 kanji? 

A related wish-list item would be to be able to place compound kanji as examples within one or more joyo (for elementary student exposure), and also give an option to break them out as separate cards. These examples should have a visibility toggle. 

I want stats to tell me abt progress, in #s and graphics

I'd like the option of a hint (and to choose the hint)

scaling: set up single & double width layouts (templates)

I'd like to be able to switch the default & indiv. primary reading
Actually, even better is to choose the current reading. That way the learner can focus on one reading at a time and changing the current reading by default resets the card (sadly, the history will be lost using this method)

maybe it's better to show all meanings and readings, but to make the active set stand out wiith bold, font size, color, etc. The hard part here is that we would need to correlate the meanings with the readings. I would need Kinu's help for that, as well as a different data structure. 

add a variable to switch between phone and tablet modes.

add a variable to adjust fonts and scaling based on the mode.
I don't see a way to do this without php etc.

Can we make the On-Kun link a toggle? That'd be cool.

Add an optional comment that works something like my other deck

anki puts buttons too close to os buttons; don't repeat layout


* use 尺 (05c3a) しゃく for "R"
use nishi to make "R" 西
fang backwards to make "R" 
corpse is like "P"; add slash to make "R" (stroke 2 of "hito")

use rice 米 (07c73) for "*"?

* use claw, talon 爪 (0722a) つめ for "M", 
use melon 瓜 (074dc) for "M" 

* use mountain 山 () やま for "W"
